hi I'm Russell beach and this is a short
business intelligence demo using the
tool SI p Business Objects Explorer
we've called this video fast executive
data and you're about to find out why we
can start with the keyword with this
tool in a similar similar way that you
would use google i'm typing in the
keyword frozen because i want to look
for data on frozen foods click return
google would search the world wide web
but Business Objects explorer searches
the bi data now it's fine found four
areas in the bi data for information
spaces that are relevant to the keyword
frozen there you can see the words
highlighted the highest relevance is
marketing so I'm going to explore that
space now this is the essay p Business
Objects Explorer analysis pain opening
the analysis pain opens and you see that
all of the objects relevant to that
information space appear at the top this
16 suggestions I have a chart at the
bottom and on the right of the chart I
have a table that gives the detail of
the chart it's suggesting that I look by
campaign name because it's found the key
word frozen and a campaign name I'd like
to do something different i'm going to
manipulate this and now you see why
we've called it fast executive data it's
very fast it's very easy let me change
the measure to volume some volume watch
the chart change and i can have one or
two comparison measures i'm going to
take base volume so i'm comparing actual
versus base chart changes again on the
table and instead of looking at the
chart and table by campaign i'm going to
choose period and if i look at it by
fiscal period I've got seven periods and
I can do things later looking at trends
now it's very very easy to start
manipulating this data because it's pre
index date on a pre run query
it's extremely fast okay let's have a
look at this data by not only well let's
look at it by brand so take best health
brand char instantly Ricky calculates
again and then by location so I've got a
series of stores here i'll look at
hobart paris store i can look at the
dublin store i can easily look at the
manchester store or the oslo store i can
bring in other dimensions so i can cut
the data further slice the data further
by for instance off a name let me choose
free ice cream so now it's by brand name
by location by offer twenty percent off
ten percent off campaigns so on and so
forth just remove off a name will keep
location name for the moment and i'm
going to look at this data by train so i
can change the chart several different
chart options i click on trend and now
i'm looking at seven periods of data
actual volume versus base volume for
best health brand i can change to new
farm food spread smiley brand by
doubling location by stockholm location
by manchester by Birmingham and so on
and so forth very fast very easy to use
ideal for executives our deal for
business managers and information
consumers and that is why we've called
this particular video fast executive
data